Welcome to this blustery day over the
Caribbean Sea.
Here we are in our ocean studio.
This is the Wookie.
I don't know how much of him you
can see with the camera, but nonetheless,
we are ready to continue on in our
Messiah series.
And it's really impossible to be correct,
to put things in perspective regarding the
term Messiah.
Without
also including the false
statements that were made about the
inventor of Jesus Christ.
That would be Paul,
whose given name was Sha'uwl.
And we're going to consider now a prophecy
regarding Sha'uwl from God's perspective.
And he conveyed this six hundred and sixty
six years before Paul would write his
first letter, that being to the Galatians,
where the myth of Jesus was first
conceived, fifty two C.E.
He considers Paul the plague of death,
the most deadly human who has ever lived,
also the most deceitful.
And because of the fact that his lies
regarding the myth of Jesus Christ and
Christianity are believed a million to one
over the truth,
regarding what Yahowah, who is God,
actually said about Dowd.
That Dowd is the Messiah,
not the myth of Jesus.
That Dowd is the Son of God,
That Dowd is Elyown,
the very influence of God on our planet,
not Jesus.
That Dowd is the Chosen One.
That Jodah is the one through whom the
covenant was established,
making him the one who fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
Not anyone else.
The entire New Testament is total trash,
complete rubbish,
because the one that matters is Dowd.
And the one who robbed him to create
the myth of Christ and therefore the
Christian religion is Sha'uwl Paul.
So we must consider what was said
prophetically about this maniacal,
malcontent and demonic individual.
I would consider it the untold prophecy.
If we move four centuries forward in time
from the revelation of the Towrah,
we are greeted by a remarkable man.
He was both a Shaphat judge and a
Nabi prophet,
the last actually of the Shaphat.
And he was a contemporary of Dowd
And he served as the prophet and narrator
of the messiahs and kings
Highly luminous life.
It is troubling, I think,
from God's perspective and the perspective
of his people,
because they had collectively decided that
they would rather be like the Gowym
then be Towrah observant.
They'd prefer religion to relationship.
So as we pursue these words,
we find something remarkably telling about
King Sha'uwl,
who was like the wannabe apostle Sha'uwl,
and that he disregarded the Towrah's
instructions,
and he sought out to establish himself and
his credibility by attacking Dowd.
So Sha'uwl,
especially considering how the king's life
foreshadows his infamous namesake,
Sha'uwl Paul, the wannabe apostle,
we have a lot to learn from what
God's communicated prophetically as a
result of this.
So because the people's king was
demon-possessed and callous to the Towrah,
Yahowah rejected Sha'uwl and chose Dowd to
replace him.
And this is also true of the wannabe
apostle Paul,
who was demon-possessed by his own
admission and who rejected the Towrah for
his replacement of Dowd named Jesus.
Three thousand years ago,
as they had so many times previously,
The children of Israel chose poorly,
electing Sha'uwl to rule over them rather
than being led by Yahowah through his
Shaphat judges.
As a loving father,
rather than give up on them for having
rejected him,
once the people's experiment with human
governance failed and Sha'uwl succumbed to
an ignominious death, by the way,
at the hands of the Philistines,
God intervened.
to provide a valuable alternative.
He would choose a shepherd to lead his
people,
giving us the opportunity to become part
of his flock.
Now,
every aspect of this story is prophetic,
drawing our attention to a far more evil
man and horrid time,
even a far worse individual.
And this is how it reads.
Then Shamuw’el, means he listens to God,
said to Sha'uwl,
which means to question him.
You have behaved foolishly,
failing to observe the instructive
conditions of the relationship of Yahowah,
your God.
regarding the correct path to the benefits
of the relationship that he instructed
you.
As a result, at this time,
Yahowah has now established that your reign
is over and that you shall never again
witness as an eternal spokesperson on
behalf of Israel.
King Sha'uwl was about one-one millionth as
Towrah adverse and one-one billionth as
condemning of Yisrael,
as was the apostle Sha'uwl.
And yet,
Yahowah called the first Sha'uwl an ignorant
and irrational idiot.
when actually all he did was add a
few of his own embellishments to the
Towrah.
By contrast,
Paul repudiated the entire Towrah and he
threw it away,
nailing it to the mythical cross with
extreme prejudice.
And he replaced it all with his own
verbal diarrhea.
King Sha'uwl's offenses compared to the
apostles' Paul were so insignificant.
There would have been no reason to rebuke
the man who was about to die or
to tell us that he had been a
bad example and was being enshrined
forevermore as a witness to what we should
avoid.
But it is only in the correct,
in the context, I should say,
of one Sha'uwl being prophetic of the other
and serving as a warning that Samuel's
rebuke makes sense.
He is condemning Paul, the New Testament,
and Christianity with these words.
Since Sha'uwl would not stand for King
Sha'uwl's interpretations or leadership,
imagine what his response is going to be
to the vitriol of the Apostle Paul who
began his first letter, Galatians,
calling the Towrah pornography.
So now,
your leadership position shall not stand
Yahowah has diligently searched for and
responsibly sought an individual to
approach him whose judgment and
aspirations are similar to his own
As a result,
Yahowah has instructed him regarding the
correct and conspicuous leadership which
will expound upon the truth among his
people.
Indeed,
this is because you have not observed,
neither closely examined nor carefully
considered that which to show the way to
the benefits of the relationship Yahowah
instructed you."
Shamuw’el, listen to him.
I've said many times that if we diligently
seek to understand who Yahowah is,
what He's offering,
what He expects in return,
who He chooses to work through,
and how He achieves His purpose and plans,
The more we study his testimony,
the more we tend to reflect his nature.
That's what is said here.
Yahowah was choosing the man whose
attitude, whose aptitudes,
whose approach to life was similar to his
own.
And that's what happens to each of us.
The more we study, the more we are
placed in the center of god's will the
more we engage in doing what he wants
done the more we reflect who he is
his ways become our ways his thoughts our
thoughts his motivations are shared by
those who love him Dowd was a marvelous
example so man's way
is through the Sha'uwls,
the king and the apostle who wrote and
inspired the Christian New Testament.
Man's way is through government and
religion.
It leads to death, to being controlled,
to being fleeced, to being misled.
Yahowah's path is through Dowd,
and it leads to the covenant.
The reason for choosing, though,
it is now clear.
Yahowah diligently searched for and sought
an individual whose judgment and
aspirations were similar to his own.
There was no better way to endear, well,
there is no better way to endear ourselves
to God and to be used effectively by
him than to align our thinking and
rationale with his.
Yahowah's rejection of Sha'uwl was a
cathartic time for Israel.
The people had chosen him,
democracy and all, as their general,
as their king,
hoping that he would lead them in the
manner of the Gowym.
And they specifically said this to God.
And when they did, you know,
Samuel went to Yahowah and said,
you know...
I'm embarrassed.
I've obviously failed you.
I was supposed to work as the judge
who would help them live in accordance
with your Towrah teaching.
And they rejected me and want this man.
They've elected Sha'uwl to be their king in
the manner of the Gentiles and to also
be their commander in chief.
That's what the religious did.
And God's response to Shamuw’el was to say,
no, no, no, no, no.
They haven't rejected you.
They rejected me.
Powerful.
When you think about it,
this was a man who was speaking on
behalf of Yahowah,
which is a difficult job,
an unpopular job.
It has never been popular and it has
never been easy.
And God took it on the chin and
says, no, they're not rejecting you,
Shamuw’el.
They're rejecting me.
Which is the same thing with the
Christians today when I criticize their
religion.
The same thing with the Muslims when I
criticize their religion.
And with Judaism as I criticize that
religion.
Then Yahowah said, posing a question.
To Shamuw’el.
For how long are you going to grieve.
About Sha'uwl.
Since I myself despise him.
And I have rejected him.
As king of Israel.
No.
I am.
Gone from being.
Quite political.
And at one time my life even religious.
to being apolitical and anti-religious.
And yet I will,
because it is so essential to
understanding the times that we're
entering and what God wants us to reject,
criticize the likes of Rahab, the MAGAs,
and Donald Trump,
but also the progressives and the
Marxists, because they're wrong as well.
I will criticize all manner of Christians
and Muslims.
And God didn't have a problem with Samuel
should he want to criticize the people's
choice in Sha'uwl or of their inclinations
to be governed in the manner of the
Gowym.
His problem was with Samuel choosing to
think that there was some way of redeeming
Sha'uwl, some way of fixing this problem.
God doesn't want us to look at Christians
and say,
what can I do to help them?
He doesn't want us to look at Muslims
and say, can their problems be fixed?
Can this rage that they have be resolved?
Israel,
he is not looking for you to do
that.
He's not looking for you to create a
detente with the Muslims that surround
you.
He's not looking for you to find a
way to fill the gap between the Israeli
Marxists and the Israeli religious,
the Haredim.
No.
God's rejected all of them.
We ought not try to fix what God
has rejected.
And it's not that he has just rejected
them.
He said,
why are you doing this since I myself
despise him?
I hate him.
I loathe him.
I have disavowed him.
I have no more association with him
because I abhor him.
I refuse to accept him.
We can't resolve.
the issues that divide Christians and
Muslims and Haredim and Marxists and Magas
and conspiratorialists such that they can
have an association with God.
That means that our outreach on Facebook
and on X is completely meaningless.
that is the audience in those places,
we cannot reach them.
We cannot change them, nor should we try.
That's powerful language right there.
We cannot reach them, nor should we try.
God is never going to have an association
with those he has rejected,
because of their religiosity,
their politics, their conspiracies,
and the like.
Let that resonate with you.
That's why you notice in this last week
or so when I've realized that Facebook has
become as bad as X and X is
as bad as ever,
that there's just no reason to post.
Yes, I think that we will...
encourage one or two,
three individuals to continue to keep the
account current at X and at Facebook,
but mostly by sharing what we know to
be true with those with whom it will
resonate.
Because pointing out the idiocy of the
political and the religious
Only has one benefit.
And that isn't that we're going to change
their mind, nor should we even try.
But to forewarn those who are part of
the family of how evil they are and
how God wants nothing to do with them.
But doesn't the family already know that?
Do we need to keep reinforcing that
politics is anti-Yahowah?
That religion is anti-Yahowah,
that conspiracy is anti-Yahowah,
and that those who engage in these things,
those who came from the conspiratorial
cult of Larry Hendricks,
who I think is now deceased,
they never fit in.
They were never going to fit in.
They were never welcomed.
At the very best,
you could hope for is that those who
were on the periphery of that and who
disengaged quickly after we came to
recognize that it was rotten.
And, you know, to some degree,
I'm at fault because I had him as
a co-host on one of my shows.
He died.
weaseled himself in and I had to wiggle
him out.
But once we came to know that God
said, no conspiracies,
I don't want anything to do with the
conspiratorial.
Didn't say fix them,
didn't say resolve them,
didn't say educate them,
didn't say debate them.
He says, no, don't be that,
don't engage in that.
And the moment we said that,
there were many of you who accepted that
and came out and you're welcome in the
covenant.
You make wonderful contributions to the
But we need to also understand that many
of those who are in those kinds of
cultish environments are there because of
flaws, deep flaws in their own lives.
And they are never able
to appreciate the truth.
They are like all conspiratorialists.
They're not only looking to resolve a
problem in their own lives and blame
someone else for their miserable lives,
which is the case with those who have
gone from being part of our community to
assailing us,
but they also are like all
conspiratorialists.
They'll fixate on a dot.
and not understand that that dot that
they're fixated on that they think proves
their case is actually staring them in the
face and saying, it's you.
You're the problem.
You're stupid.
You're unable to think.
And so we can't resolve those problems.
You either hear the message and you say,
oh, boy, I ought not be doing that.
That's really stupid.
But that's not the nature of the
conspiratorialists.
They cling to their lies.
They're devoted to them.
They're defined by them.
And the same thing is true with the
religious and the overtly political.
You don't find them ever letting go.
And that's good.
That's not bad, it's good.
Why is it good?
Because God doesn't want any part of them.
If we were to lure somehow and cajole
the religious, the conspiratorial,
the overtly political into the covenant,
God would be exceedingly disappointed in
us.
In fact,
He'd say, you know,
you're not capable of listening to me.
You didn't pay any attention to what I
said.
I can't work with you anymore.
That's what would happen.
Now,
God does fortunately recognize that we're
flawed and imperfect and that that's a
good thing that we're learning on the job.
And so there are things that.
We will have done before we know better.
And so long as when we do know
better, we make these corrections,
these course corrections, that's all good.
Nobody starts with all the answers.
We develop the answers as we learn.
And God's only issue there is that as
you learn, you make the adjustment.
And you do as I have asked.
And we have.
I'm going to share something because as
Rich knows, I don't keep secrets well.
I shared something with Rich, what,
fifteen minutes before this program began,
just before I went into makeup,
which in my case means I,
recognizing that the wind is blowing out
here,
I tossed some water on my head and
put on a new shirt.
That's a makeup for these shows.
I hope it shows.
I did run my fingers through my hair
a few times just to make sure that
the water kept it reasonably in place as
the wind blows.
So I made the effort.
Nice shirt too, right?
I'm being facetious here now.
One of the most
impactful prophecies in the entirety.
There's only so much the book can do
for one program.
You're going to find a new,
more comfortable place to nap.
One of the most powerful, insightful,
influential,
of all the prophetic statements that
Yahowah has made is found in the
thirty-first chapter of Yirmeyya.
Many of you know it.
In fact,
my guess is that when I say Yirma'Yah
thirty-one that everyone listening to this
program knows what it says or has a
general understanding of it as far as it
goes.
They know that Yahowah decided that he
would renew and restore his one and only
covenant
with his people,
specifically with Yisrael and Yahuwdym,
not with Gowym, not with the church,
not with Christians,
with Yisrael and Yahuwdym.
And that he wasn't replacing one,
he was reestablishing and renewing that
agreement.
The next statement says that the
restoration of that covenant is not going
to be exactly like it was
Not when he just discussed it with Abraham
or when he promised to enable it through
Dowd.
No,
he said it will be slightly different than
the expression of the covenant when I
forcibly drug Abraham
The children of Israel out of Mitsraym,
the crucibles of human religious and
political oppression with a resolute and
firm hand.
And the reason he says can be different
than that is that there he realized they
weren't smart enough to get out of their
own religious shadow.
They were.
belligerent and malcontent and they
thought they were smart and they knew
nothing and so god said the only option
here to have the survival of my people
is for me to drag them out of
israel with a Chazaq with a firm hand
by the way that there's an interesting
insight to all of that
and it pertains to what I've been sharing
in the library studio,
that when there is a difficult job that
needs to be done,
God very seldom acts without having
infused his fixer into the milieu.
Somebody that he knows is firm,
that's unyielding, that's resolute.
And we find...
that affirmed when Moshe does his meltdown
with Maidod.
But I'm actually convinced and I hope to
find the evidence for it.
I've certainly witnessed it in my mind and
now so many things are being presented
through the Ruwach that I'm finding
affirmation of that it really is an
exciting time.
But I'm convinced that
that Mydod didn't just appear inspired by
Yahowah at the point of Moshe's meltdown,
but that he was part of that resolute,
firm hand that
was working alongside Moshe,
who was fairly passive.
Moshe did not want to be in that
position at all.
He let God know he did not want
to be in that position.
And every time the children of Israel
challenged him,
he did a face plant and ran to
Yahowah.
He never once stood up and said, no,
you're wrong, stop it.
And so I think he had...
someone that was god's way of
demonstrating that resolute and firm hand
and we'll talk about that uh later at
uh as it comes up and and i
just want to uh dispose of one complete
lie somebody was posting uh somebody whose
name i don't recognize on one of the
uh chat rooms as we were doing that
show it says so you know if you're
being infused in moments and and time is
that reincarnation and no
Good God, no.
Reincarnation is a religious concept.
It is about karma and the previous life
of a person determining if they come back
in the physical body of a worm or
a snake or a person or a lower
class or an upper class in the Hindu
religion.
No.
If you don't understand what a soul is
and how God can take a soul and
place it into a body when he wants
to accomplish something and that the body
is essentially nothing to God and nothing
to that soul.
and uses them for a specific period,
for a specific purpose,
and then removes them.
Then you have no clue what Enoch,
or ElYah, or Dowd, or Yada,
or the ‘Amah represent,
or how God uses them.
You're a danger to yourself and to this
community when you make statements like
that.
Stop it.
All right.
So...
God said the one difference is going to
be that's the way they are.
And then God explains how that difference
will be manifest when the covenant is
renewed.
Because he says,
I'm going to write a copy of my
Towrah inside of you.
Wow.
I know that's quite different because
during the Exodus period,
the Towrah wasn't written inside of
anybody.
The Towrah was an external document that
the first book was dictated to Moshe.
And after that,
the Towrah was experienced by Moshe and the
children of Israel.
And they wrote their experiences down.
And then Moshe tried to encapsulate what
he learned to create Dabarym.
So very different on it being an external
document that you can reject.
You can do what Sha'uwl did,
which is to try to change it.
What Paul did,
which is try to annul it.
What Jews do,
which is to dress it up as a
whore and plaster over it with their
Talmud.
You can do all those things or you
can.
know incorporated into your life by
studying it but he says i'm going to
write a copy of it right inside of
you pretty cool right so that is the
as the difference and that he says that
as a result of that difference you know
my people are no longer going to bend
and twist and pervert my message and
they're not going to go astray any longer
Boy, great.
So this is happening as we make that
transition through Taruwah and Kipurym to
Sukah in thirty three C.E.
year six thousand.
Yeah.
And we end up in the in the
garden with this marvelous opportunity to
demonstrate that there are many who are
capable of earning God's trust by being
observant, responsive and reliable.
All great.
So that's what this thing is,
that whole testimony is presenting.
And that's typically where we sign off and
say, well, that was a great lesson.
That's not where God signs off.
And I'm not going to try to quote
it by memory because I have read it
in the Hebrew.
I have not translated the entire thing nor
looked at every mood, conjugation,
and stem, every pronoun along the way.
But let me tell you the gist of
it.
I was tracking down evidence that the
reference to the greater and lesser
luminary in the first chapter of the first
book of the Towrah,
pursuant to the fourth day,
that are signs,
they are willing volunteers to fulfill the
modim,
They serve as restoring witnesses to the
eternal testimony and the seven annual
meetings with God.
I wanted to know more about what God
had to say about them.
And of course,
there's a marvelous statement that directs
our attention to it in the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr,
which we'll get to in the library studio
as we continue our refresher course on
that profoundly important message.
But what follows in Yirma'Yah thirty-one is
that God says that he established the sun,
who he has identified as Dowd,
to provide illumination and light during
the day.
And that with the moon, representiata,
he has very specific
written, etched in stone,
inscribed prescriptions for living that he
has communicated.
And that if either of those two,
God says,
if either of those two choose not to
fulfill their mission,
are not willing to do as I have
prescribed,
then there will not be a single Israelite
who survives.
Devastating, if then.
If either of us, God or I,
in any way renounce our calling,
foreclose on this mission,
And don't do as we have been asked.
It's it for Israel.
And if it's it for Israel,
it's it for the planet.
All life on it.
So I'm going to run through that in
more detail over the rest of today.
As I say,
I've gone back to page one of chapter
one of the...
coming home for,
based upon all we have learned.
And I will pursue this.
And maybe it'll be later today.
Maybe it'll be this time tomorrow.
I'm going to go through that with you
because, wow,
as you read it in concert with the
greater and lesser luminary and Bar Rashi,
Genesis one, and up to that point,
God's all in.
There is a plan C and D,
but there's no other alternative.
The crag and the Dowd either come through
and work collaboratively together,
not only with each other,
but with the Yahowah, or it's over.
Profound, huh?
So,
Young was telling Shamuw’el,
he listens to God,
that I myself despise him.
I have rejected him as king of Israel.
He says,
why are you continuing to worry about him?
I have rejected him.
I mean, that is,
I think as clear as words allow,
I don't want you to try to resolve
the misguided nature of the religious,
of the overtly political,
of the conspiratorial.
Don't do that.
I myself despise them.
I have rejected them.
I loathe them.
I have disavowed any association with
them.
So, alternative.
That's bad.
What's good?
So, fill your horn, Karen.
the container of your ram's horn trumpet,
which can emit brilliant flashes of light
from the very summit of the mount with
olive oil.
Shemen.
And walk, traveling on a journey.
Oh,
what did the little twistians say caused
their pretend Jesus to be the Messiah?
He was anointed by taking a bath in
the Jordan River, huh?
Did the Jordan River flow with olive oil?
No.
That's where the pagans bathed.
Oh, goodness.
So fill your horn with olive oil and
go.
I am sending you to Yeshay.
Name means to stand out and be an
exemplar.
He was anything but.
He was a louse.
The Baath Ha-
Elekeme, the resident of Bethlehem.
Yeah, it's no that came from Bethlehem.
That was another act of identity theft to
place the mythical Jesus there.
They stole everything.
I even stole,
and I will share with you how they
came about having disciples too.
Even a mother and father of baby Jesus
has, well,
baby Jesus has got nothing in truth.
It wasn't Mary and Joseph.
You know, as we go through these programs,
I'll share with you how all that actually
played out and materialized.
A resident of Bethlehem,
because I have seen...
a king to approach me among his sons.
I have said,
and this is part of what's happened here
over particularly these last few months,
where every day,
sometimes multiple times a day,
I'm now seeing what
God wants me to perceive regarding how he
coordinated everything pursuant to his
people and plan,
and then directed to the passages that
affirm these realizations.
And one of the things that I have
conveyed is that God did not see a
king in an eight-year-old boy.
He could have seen an eight-year-old boy
there as a shepherd, but not a king.
Because if God projected what Dowd was
going to become,
he would have found that he wasn't a
very good king.
In fact, he was worse than Sha'uwl.
In fact,
Dowd came to be the exemplar of Yisrael.
He will be the greatest of all kings.
But, you know, that took some doing.
And so the only way for Yahowah to
recognize what Dowd could become is to see
him in a more extensive life.
And indeed,
he had seen his potential in Adam,
the first man conceived in God's image
with a Neshamah, with a conscience.
And I think he got to know Dowd
a second time in a full life as
Noach's son, Shem.
And so I think that this life as
the shepherd boy was actually the third
time that God became acquainted with this
soul that he came to recognize had so
much potential.
So when confronted with the truth
about the fraudulent nature of Sha'uwl,
who is the author of Christianity.
We're saddened and disappointed for any of
us who previously believed his lies,
as I once did a very long time
ago,
while grieving for those who are beguiled
by them,
although recognizing that there's nothing
we can do to help them.
Our response progresses, of course, from
All the way to anger, as God's did.
As we confront the realization that God
despises the religion Sha'uwl Paul conceived
because of the horrifying impact it has
had on his people.
Christianity demonizes them.
Yeah.
The reason I gave up on my attempt
to return to Acts here this week is
that many of you know that there is
a remark called the synagogue of Satan in
Revelation.
I've actually deduced that it was written
by Ya'uqanon.
And now I know who Ya'uqanon is.
But it was written by him to denounce
Paul.
Paul was the one who had gone after
and demeaned everything associated with
Yahowchanan
And so Yahowchanan's response was to talk
about Paul,
who admitted he was a rabbi and admitted
that he was spending his Shabbat in the
synagogues.
And so he referred to the man who
admitted
forty years before John's letter,
that he was demon-possessed,
and so he referred to the synagogue as
Satan.
It's Paul that he is denouncing.
But Christians think that he is denouncing
Jews,
and that because they're called the
synagogue of Satan,
that the Jews must be demonic, not Paul,
not them,
and that they have open season to hunt
and kill Jews.
And so there were two posts, uh, on,
uh, X proclaiming that nonsense.
And I challenged them, said, no,
you've misinterpreted the whole thing.
Uh,
that is not what the synagogue of Satan
means.
And, uh, God is, uh,
has committed to his people, um, ongoing.
It's not going to be the church that
survives.
It's going to be Israel.
And X with Gronk being the ever stupid
one, not only, um,
said that my post was violation of their
rules, that I was hateful to hate,
I guess.
That I was opposed to antisemitism.
I can't have that on X. No,
it's the home of antisemites.
And so they gave me a chance to
actually respond.
I wrote an explanation.
It says, no,
I'm not promoting the synagogue of Satan,
nor am I promoting hate towards Jews.
I'm trying to protect Jews from Christians
who are misusing this statement.
So X wrote me back, said, no,
we stand by our verdict that you have
violated our rules and what you wrote was
hateful.
Now, I've subsequently posted on X,
I said,
can you imagine AI being this immoral,
this resolutely stupid?
But it is.
Maybe X is offended and Gronk is offended
and Elon Musk is offended because they are
the synagogue of Satan.
But nonetheless,
that's the world that we live in.
And God wants no part of it.
So Samuel said, how can I go?
If Sha'uwl hears of it,
then he will have me killed.
Oh, come on.
God.
You know,
there is evidently a reason that God
picked Saul.
And then has reestablished his presence
along the timeline to keep his people and
plans apace.
Because even the best of them, I mean,
Dowd was a fine man,
Moshe a fine man of character.
And yet they just crumble apart.
I mean, God says,
I want you to expose and condemn Islam.
I have written, what, six books?
No, seven,
eight books condemning and proving that
Islam is a fraud,
that Allah wasn't a god,
Muhammad was not a prophet,
and that it's a...
terrorist manifesto that is based upon
world genocide.
That's what the Quran says.
So not only did I do what he
asked and publish these books,
but I did over five thousand of the
ten thousand radio shows I did initially
under my own name,
telling the truth about Islam,
for which I received thousands of death
threats.
I never once said, God, no,
I'm not going to do that because I'm
afraid the Muslims are going to kill me.
No, that's not what you say.
You say, all right,
that's what you want me to do.
You understand, obviously,
that there's some danger,
some risk along the way so that,
you know, I would ask for your protection,
but I guess I really don't need to
because if you're asking me to do it,
I have your protection.
So, all right, let's just get with it.
Let's go.
But that's not what he said.
It's disappointing that
that God didn't find people that were more
resolute, more Chazaq, more Gibowr.
Too many meek and mild along the way.
Anyway, therefore, Yahowah said, because,
well, he didn't have an alternative,
did he?
Take a bull, an egla, a bull.
I wrote cow here.
I don't know why I wrote cow.
I probably wrote cow because I
Wasn't aware of the terms,
but both Bakowr and egla both convey the
same thing.
I want you to take a bowl.
Okay, well, that's the answer.
You need some courage?
Bring a bull.
Need to stand up against the naysayers,
the deadly and the destructive?
Yeah, take a bull.
Say, I have come to offer a sacrifice.
Yeah, it's the bull.
He's going to be sacrificed.
Indeed.
Oh, man.
You know,
when I read these kinds of things,
and the king of cables has probably posted
them,
and you can probably read that I wrote
cow and calf when it's a damn bull,
is that I could...
if we had another ten years,
I could go back and rewrite every book,
and I could infuse them with what we
have learned over the last year.
The fact is the books are really good.
Does it make a big difference for that
particular statement that it reads cow
versus bull?
No, because at that point,
we're not driving this point home.
But if I were to do that now,
wouldn't just be let's um uh correct some
of the conclusions no it'd be a complete
rewrite all new translations uh new
insights uh the books wouldn't be twenty
five thousand pages they would be a
hundred and twenty five thousand pages uh
and it would take in this physical world
with the limitations that we have with you
know eyes and hands and bodies i would
take
another, well,
I've got twenty six years into it with
twenty five thousand pages.
I'm a lot faster now,
but still it would probably take another
to quadruple quintuple what I've already
done.
You know, it might take another.
Fifty, sixty years,
but we're going to have that time,
but not not right at the moment,
not at the moment where the last sands
are
are dropping out of that hourglass and
with great rapidity.
I think it's why God said,
I want you to go to the Yahowah
blog.
I want you to do this because you
can read what you've written.
And it's pretty darn good,
better than anything that's ever existed
previously.
Plenty good to bring someone to me and
tell them what I'm looking for and what
I don't want and how to relate to
me and what I'm here to offer.
These are good.
They do exactly what needs to be done
in that regard.
But take the next step.
take them along this journey with you in
real time,
based upon all that you're learning now,
based upon this twenty five,
twenty six years of work together.
You can look in the camera and you
can update them in the moment.
And that's a lot more powerful.
And I still have the joy of spending
two thirds of my day translating and
finding insights.
It's just that now I'm writing for these
programs.
I'm like, I've discovered something.
Fifteen minutes before showtime,
I've already hinted at what I'm going to
do.
I'm going to finish that translation and
I'm going to go share it with you.
And so it'll be literally twenty four
hours,
perhaps at the most and maybe less than
that from insight to sharing.
So that is where we are on these
differences.
And the thing that we have learned for
those that get their cells all tied up
in their own little underwear is that,
I hope it's the Muslim, no,
the Mormon type, isn't it?
Yeah, the magic underwear.
It makes them perfect, I'm sure,
and modest and the like.
that people are so hung up on this
idea that if you speak for God, well,
you're perfect.
You're a prophet.
You're perfect.
No, look at everyone who spoke for God.
There wasn't a single perfect person among
them.
Look at Shamuw’el.
You don't get much better than Shamuw’el,
and he's screwing up here.
No, they aren't perfect,
and God doesn't even want them to be
perfect.
He wants them to be observant,
listen to him,
read what he has to say,
ponder what it is to respond to him,
and then prove yourself dependable,
trustworthy, reliable.
And when you do that,
what you're going to do is demonstrate
that
When you make a mistake,
you're willing to say, hey, you know,
I wouldn't translate that cow anymore.
I would translate it bold.
And for the following reasons,
that you're willing to learn from it and
share what you have learned and grow as
a result of it.
And that when you fall and trip,
which we all do,
that you can so that you will always
get back up and get going tougher, wiser,
better for the experience.
That is what God's looking for.
So resolving his people's mistake would
actually be a joyous moment for you.
When our heavenly father wanted to
celebrate in his usual manner with a
feast.
Too bad I'm on the menu.
But nevertheless,
it is prophetic of the fact that when
God finally resolves the religiosity and
the timidness and all of the negativity
that is associated with his people,
in the end, for his return,
so he can celebrate the homecoming with
Dowd, well,
it's the bull that is going to be
sacrificed.
So...
God has a tendency to weave many truths
into his statements.
He says, and then invite Ishe,
speaking of the religious who need to be
cleansed, to the sacrificial feast.
I will make known to you, Yara,
what to show
the way to the benefits of the
relationship,
you should act upon and engage in.
So he's not,
he went right there and says, okay,
you know, invite him to the feast.
So he is invited, but that's it.
He doesn't say,
I want you to convince him.
I want you to placate him.
He doesn't say,
I want you to convert him.
I want you to debate him.
He doesn't say,
I want you to lie to him.
He doesn't say any of that, does he?
He just says, invite him to the feast.
Now,
this is what I want you to do.
Right?
Immediately.
Forget about him.
Okay.
It makes you comfortable.
Distract him with dinner.
Invite him.
Then he says, God just went to it.
Then I will make known to you.
I will make known to you.
what to show the way to receive the
benefits of the relationship you should
act upon and engage in.
Okay?
This did not say,
I want you to placate.
I want you to evangelize to.
I want you to reach out to and
try to help.
You say, no.
No.
Give him something to eat and you go
about your business.
And I'm going to make known to you
how to achieve the benefits of the
relationship and what you should act upon.
First order of business.
Then you will anoint Meshach,
the basis of Messiah.
You will anoint the Messiah on my behalf
for me.
the one through whom I will reveal the
way to get the most out of life.
This is rich with Asher, Asher, Asher,
Asher, whom I will announce to you.
I'm going to tell you the one.
This is what you're going to do.
And you're doing it for me because I
am announcing that he is going to be
the Messiah.
And that that's the way to receive the
benefits of the relationship.
And that's what you should engage in.
all the way while that other idiot is
distracted.
Dowd is the antidote to Sha'uwl.
He would be anointed,
becoming the Messiah.
More than any other person,
Yahowah would make him known to us.
He is the most prominent person in God's
story.
And it's a promise that he has kept.
Together,
Yahowah and Dowd would reveal the way
to the relationship God intended, in fact,
even enable it.
You read the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr and the
third statement, God gets right to it.
The first statement he's made is that I
established the covenant with Dowd.
So when we listen to Yah,
we know how to act, where to go,
what to do.
We don't have to ask him, God,
what is your will for my life?
I have never asked him that question,
nor should you.
We are prepared to respond to
opportunities and provocations.
We are properly guided and instructed,
prepared for whatever brings our way.
Good things happen when we follow this
same formula.
Listen to God and engage as he has
requested.
Perhaps that's why Shamuw’el's name means
listen to him.
I just, there's a bit of advice.
You can do whatever you want.
But when God says,
I want you to go do something,
my suggestion to you is that you don't
say, but if I do that,
he's going to kill me.
Come on.
Show some courage.
Show some Gibowr.
Man up.
Okay?
God will appreciate it.
Shamuw’el engaged and did.
Therefore, what Yahowah said.
I recall that's also what happened with
Noach, wasn't it?
That Noach listened to Yahowah and he did
as Yahowah had asked.
He came to Bethlehem,
which is house of bread,
but also house of conflict, Bethlehem.
He started a bit afraid.
And the elders of the town approached and
they welcomed him.
They Qara'd him.
They asked,
did you come under favorable circumstances
to reconcile Shalowm as a friend with
blessings to make us healthy and whole?
in peace to satisfy and fulfill a promise?
Samuel listened to him.
One Samuel six four.
Interesting, right?
So even before he got to Yasha'yah,
who evidently was some kind of a big
shot,
because he would have been aligned somehow
with Sha'uwl,
the elders of the community said,
why are you here, pal?
Are you going to come in peace?
And you know,
I know what my response would have been.
None of your damn business.
I'm not here for you.
I wasn't told to come to talk to
you.
Please step aside.
Now,
there are a couple of subtle insights here
that we ought not miss.
First, more than just the house of bread,
Beth Lechem would be a place of continuing
conflict,
as I have shared the primary meaning of
Lechem as actually war, conflict,
to fight for one's existence.
This reality deepens the connection with
Dowd as he, more than anyone else,
would have to battle to protect his
people, even in this place.
Second,
the reference to Shalowm is intriguing
because it would soon be incorporated into
the name of the city most closely
associated with Dowd, Jerusalem.
Jerusalem is the source from which
teaching and guidance regarding
reconciliation, Shalowm, flow.
It is a compound of Yara,
which is the verbal root of Towrah,
which means source of teaching and
guidance, direction, instruction,
and Shalowm,
reconciliation for the restoration of the
relationship.
Now, third,
based upon this statement and one which
will soon follow,
the prophecy Christians celebrate,
believing it predicts that their God,
Jesus,
would come as a baby from Bethlehem to
be the king of Israel.
Well, it actually speaks of Dowd.
the one man who would actually be the
Melech of Yisrael, unlike the myth.
It was always an awkward fit when applied
to the misnomer Jesus,
because even in the myths written about
him,
he was never the leader of his people,
ever.
And only Judah existed during this time,
putting the Christian interpretation in
conflict with key aspects of the prophecy.
At the time that the myth of Jesus
was supposed to exist,
there was no Israel.
He could not be the king of Israel.
There was no Israel.
There was only a province of Judah.
Israel had been hauled in.
into captivity seven hundred years earlier
by the Assyrians.
So as to not lose our place in
the natural flow of this discussion,
we'll eventually turn to Micah five and
his prediction regarding Bethlehem after
our conclusion of Samuel
It is yet another example of how Yahowah's
promise regarding his beloved son was all
stolen and usurped by Christians to
convert Jesus into their imaginary king.
And that's, oh boy,
so many posts on X and Facebook.
Jesus is king!
Oh my God.
People are so easily duped.
So let's continue to assess the anointing
of Dowd by the last of the judges,
Shamuw’el.
His answer to the elders is interesting in
that it shows that he made the transition
from the sacrifice to the intended
purpose.
It is the most appropriate, beneficial,
and godly thing we can do with our
time and lives.
And based upon this next statement,
Shamuw’el recognized that we need to be set
apart from the common things of man.
if we want to be reconciled with God.
And lastly,
the Shaphat decision-maker realized that
the means to reconciliation was through
the Miqra'ey,
the invitations to be called out and meet
with God,
which is why he extended the Qara
invitation to Yasha'yah.
He said, he answered, for reconciliation,
Shalowm!
I have come to offer a sacrificial feast
to approach Yahowah.
Become set apart and come with me to
the sacrificial feast.
He separated Yishai, setting him apart,
as well as his sons,
and he issued an invitation to them
to the offering.
Shamuw’el, listen to him.
One Samuel, six fifty.
Well, we passed the hour mark,
and so I'm going to end this program
here.
We'll return to the same statement in our
next episode here in the Ocean Studio of
the Yahowah Vlog,
and we will pursue the anointing of Dowd
as the answer to both Shauls.
The king in the line of the Gentiles
and the wannabe apostle who would covet
the Gentiles.
More either later this afternoon or
tomorrow morning.
Thank you so much for listening.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.